yeah I don't keep you long we'll go
through the vehicles kind of quickly and
then as we're out on the trail today
I'll sit with you guys individually and
we can go through them but just to touch
on what we do and why we do it it's
these are really have turned out to be
it's it's a pretty unique thing that we
do I can't think of another car company
that does something like this and these
have turned out to be really really good
sort of communication vehicles to talk
with our customers out here when we
started doing this it was really driven
by some feedback that maybe Jeep had
lost touch with this customer the
enthusiasts here these building these
vehicles over the years and we've tried
a lot of different things and have
inspired I think every year and then
working closely with Mopar with the
parts it's just a good symbiotic
relationship and something will continue
to do so with that I'm going to go
through the vehicles because it's
starting to rain and curse on me and we
we pulled the last open car from the
fleet so we'll all have heaters and
windows tonight the first car that trail
goes our which is what we're calling it
the dozer is the new color
named by mr. Christian Haven wherever
you are thank you
you did say it's a heavy ad we've got a
392 support Hemi in it with a 6-speed
manual transmission I think it's about a
four inch lift kit the 37 inch Mickey
Thompson tires bumper hood the new trail
top on it which we didn't put on last
night so it's a little soggy inside but
that's alright a good fun Jeep that that
thing is it's unstoppable I love the
look of it it reminds me of a piece of
construction equipment so that's the
the second vehicle we we call this
internally we call that the old man
truck because really we wanted to
recreate the sort of a fishing grunting
we're so fond of the the vehicle start
life is a four-door we used to of the
Mopar jk8 kits to extend the box we get
the box we added a foot and a half
behind what it usually is it another 18
inches the trick was to get the tire up
underneath the spare tire which is
always a problem a proper tailgate and
then a six foot box the inside is
probably the the best part of the thing
it's got a white bench seat with cool
plaid details fishing pole in there and
stuff and it's just really really
everybody who's look at that truck is
just loves it it's a cool cool look too
of course the field J Series truck
front-end to it we had good luck with
the new phaser a couple of years ago
this is a quite a bit different vehicle
than the new kaiser where it's chopped
low and wide this is sort of tall skinny
tires on it steel wheels probably the
only car out here with hubcaps on it so
very very solid driver it's a three six
with an automatic we have locking
differentials in it and it's a it's a
very very good solid driver the FC which
this vehicle here vehicle that I've
probably talked with several of you guys
about building this over maybe a 10 year
span this year we just finally acted on
it fact we were here in Moab last year
we just dug the pictures up where I was
opening the hood on a Jeep and sitting
on the battery trying to figure out I
just wanted my butt right at the front
wheel spindle the vehicle started life
actually as a two-door it's a it's a
calendar year 12 two-door Rubicon we
started with the two-door and if you
imagine where the the engine is in
relation to the rear axle it's in the
same spot we never knew move the motor
of course move the front axle forward
it's now 117 inch wheelbase and the cab
with it
and just sort of started filling in all
the blanks after that what's cool about
it is it's a full eight foot box on this
this short wheelbase
thirty nine a half-inch tire but the
biggest feature here probably is this
this vehicle features mopars new portal
axle assembly it's a 44 base front and a
60 rear that's what gives it this
animal-like stance with the 13 inch
tires the bottom is almost completely
flat it's a real new thing for us to be
playing with there's a lot of things you
need to do when you do portables as you
guys well know we're solving all those
issues right now the vehicle was driving
very very well so it's it's a pretty
unique experience we took it out to
Hell's revenge when we first got here
it's more of a carnival ride but going
up hills awesome going down hills hang
the weight balance is not it's not
totally unbalanced it's more like a
pickup truck there is some more on the
front from the back but it's not it's
not completely out of whack and you'll
see that driving it it's it's very very
stable last week alone we'll talk about
is the Grand Cherokee trailhawk we put
this together there's a we're calling it
a concept but we what we wanted to do
was add to the Grand Cherokee line a
dedicated off-road vehicle where of
course all Grand Cherokees all the
four-wheel drives are off-road capable
we wanted one that was a little more so
it's got a meteor tire this Goodyear
what's this thing called silent our
retired a metal rock rail to it it's
it's a little bit higher it's got tow
hooks on it it's got a really kind of a
good gnarly off-road feel all the chrome
has been painted over it's got this cast
iron look to it black with decal
so it's trailhawk and I think we're
gonna act on this thing to see
you